Using the SQLite3 Database file given to you as the source of data to answer the questions. Copy and the SQL command you have used to get the answer, and paste it below the question, along with the result they gave.

Select the names of all users.

  select name from users;
  Rick Henri
  Michael Pavling
  Sandy McMillan
  Chae Cramb
  Syed Atique
  Simon Osborne
  Kieran Pringle
  Craig Lamont
  Zsolt Podoba
  Keith Martin
  Peter Hyder
  Alaere Samuel
  Kathryn Kiernan
  Iwona Sztorc
  Nevin Officer
  Graeme Stewart
  Neil McGuire
  Graeme Kean


Select the names of all shows that cost less than £15.

  select (name) from shows where price < 15.00;
  Le Haggis
  Paul Dabek Mischief 
  Best of Burlesque
  Two become One
  Urinetown
  Two girls, one cup of comedy

Select the names and prices of all shows, ordered by price in ascending order.

  select name, price from shows order by price asc;
  Two girls, one cup of comedy|6.0
  Best of Burlesque|7.99
  Two become One|8.5
  Urinetown|8.5
  Le Haggis|12.99
  Paul Dabek Mischief |12.99
  Shitfaced Shakespeare|16.5
  Game of Thrones - The Musical|16.5
  Joe Stilgoe: Songs on Film – The Sequel|16.5
  Camille O'Sullivan|17.99
  Aaabeduation – A Magic Show|17.99
  Balletronics|32.0
    Edinburgh Royal Tattoo|32.99


Select the average price of all shows.

  select avg( price) from shows;
  15.9569230769231

Select the price of the least expensive show.

  select min( price) from shows;
  6.0


Select the sum of the price of all shows.

  select sum( price) from shows;
  207.44

Select the sum of the price of all shows whose prices is less than £20.

  select sum( price) from shows where price < 20;
  142.45

Select the name and price of the most expensive show.

  select max (price), name from shows;
  32.99|Edinburgh Royal Tattoo

Select the name and price of the second from cheapest show.

  select price, name from shows order by price asc limit 1 offset 1;
  7.99|Best of Burlesque

Select the time for the Edinburgh Royal Tattoo.



Select the names of all users whose names start with the letter "N".

  sqlite> select name from users where name like "N%";
  Nevin Officer
  Neil McGuire

Select the names of users whose names contain "mi".

  sqlite> select name from users where name like "%mi%";
  Michael Pavling
  Sandy McMillan

Select the number of users who want to see "Shitfaced Shakespeare".

Select all of the user names and the count of shows they're going to see.

SELECT all users who are going to a show at 17:15.

Insert a user with the name "Antonio Goncalves" into the users table.

  insert into users (name) values ("Antonio Goncalves");

Select the id of the user with your name.

  select id from users where name = "Zsolt Podoba";
  9

Insert a record that Antonio Goncalves wants to attend the show "Two girls, one cup of comedy".

Updates the name of the "Antonio Goncalves" user to be "Tony Goncalves".

  update users set name = "Tony Goncalves" where name = "Antonio Goncalves";

Deletes the user with the name 'Tony Goncalves'.
  
  delete from users where name = "Tony Goncalves";

Deletes the shows for the user you just deleted.

Hints

As with anything, if you get stuck, move on, then go back if you have time.
Don't spend all night on it!
Use resources online to solve harder ones - there are solutions to these questions that work with what we've learnt today, but other tools exist in SQL that could make the queries 'better' or 'easier'.